Update release workflow documentation (#1631)
Azure/communication-ui-library: docs/references/creating-a-release.md

For example, when creating a release off of `main` tagged `3.3.0`, the following branches and Pull Requests will be created:

```mermaid
graph LR
  main[branch: main]
  prerelease[branch: prerelease/3.3.0<br/>- bump version to 3.3.0<br/>- collect changelog<br/>-trigger string translations]
  pr[branch:groom_changelog_3.0.0]

  main -->|Create Branch| prerelease
  prerelease -->|Create Branch| pr
  pr -.-o|Create Pull Request| prerelease
```

### Step 2: Create release branch

Use the <insert workflow name> github action to trigger the release branch creation workflow.

    TODO: Add image showing workflow and options, like there used to be here.

This workflow will:

1. Create a Pull Request to merge the prerelease branch back into the base branch.
  1. For stable release only: Before creating the Pull Request, @azure/communiation-react will be version bumped once again to a `-beta.0` version (this ensures that we can continue to add changes of `prerelease`) type.
1. Create a new release branch off of the prerelease branch. This branch will be used for the eventual release, but *it will never be merged back in the base branch*.

>   1. Commit some release preparation modifications that can not be merged back, like choosing the dependency versions that depend on the type of the release.

Author: TODO: List all the steps here.

TODO: Include https://github.com/Azure/communication-ui-library/pull/1642

Author: TODO: sync telemetry version and ensure versions match

See the [release checklist](../references/release-checklist.md) for tasks that must be completed before releasing.

## Release workflow

Both beta and stable release follow a two step workflow, aided by github actions.

### Step 1: Create a Pre-release branch

Use the [create-prerelease-branch](https://github.com/Azure/communication-ui-library/actions/workflows/create-prerelease-branch.yml) github action to trigger the release preparation workflow.

1. Options for this workflow:
    1. Branch - This is the branch that the release will be created from. Default option is from `main`.

>     2. Bump Type - This is the type of release that will be created, the options for this are:

Author: A brief description for each -- when to choose this type -- will be helpful.

        - `beta`
        - `stable-minor`
        - `stable-patch`

This workflow will:

1. Create a `prerelease/<release-tag>` branch, bump the package version for `@azure/communication-react` as appropriate and collect all change files into a changelog.
    1. This step will also create a file called `GROOMME.md` which should be deleted when completing the PR back into the pre-release branch to signify that the changelog has been manually groomed.
1. Create a Pull Request into the `prerelease/<release-tag>` for manually summarizing the changes collected in the changelog. *Merge this PR before going to step 2*.

For example, when creating a release off of `main` tagged `3.3.0`, the following branches and Pull Requests will be created:

```mermaid
graph LR
  main[branch: main]

>   prerelease[branch: prerelease/3.3.0<br/>- bump version to 3.3.0<br/>- collect changelog<br/>-trigger string translations]

Author: Update diagram to not reference string translations.

  pr[branch:groom_changelog_3.0.0]

  main -->|Create Branch| prerelease
  prerelease -->|Create Branch| pr
  pr -.-o|Create Pull Request| prerelease
```

### Step 2: Create release branch

Use the [create-release-branch](https://github.com/Azure/communication-ui-library/actions/workflows/create-release-branch.yml) github action to trigger the release branch creation workflow.

1. Options for GH Action:

>     1. Pre-release branch - This is the pre-release branch that was created in the previous workflow. This action should be only done after the changelog is groomed and merged back into the pre-release branch to avoid cherry picking.

Author: We should add before the workflow description that we should manually sync the string translation on this release branch after 5 days. Link to relevant documentation or the string translation workflow.

Reviewer: +1, would be good to see this at the top or in a checklist before starting making these branches so they don't get halfway through this and realize they are 5 days out from releasing

Reviewer: nm, i see it has been added!

This workflow will:

1. Create a Pull Request to merge the prerelease branch back into the base branch.

>   1. For stable release only: Before creating the Pull Request, @azure/communiation-react will be version bumped once again to a `-beta.0` version (this ensures that we can continue to add changes of `prerelease`) type.

Author: This isn't rendering properly (shows up as a flat list: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82062616/161631731-4909a0ee-b720-401a-a459-4e0998a8803a.png)

1. Create a new release branch off of the prerelease branch. This branch will be used for the eventual release, but *it will never be merged back in the base branch*.

>   1. On the release branch will check what kind of release this is, beta, stable-minor, or stable-patch.

Author: This list is a bit verbose, and like to bitrot as compared to the workflow file. Can you summarize this a bit?

  2. Based on the release type it will update the sdk versions to the latest stable, or latest beta for Calling and Chat.
  3. The action will synchronize the package telemetry verions.
  4. will commit these changes automatically on the release branch.

>   5. The workflow will then hop back to the pre-release branch and create a PR back into main.

Author: This last bit is a repetition from the top.

  prerelease -->|Create Branch| release
  prerelease -.-o|Create Pull Request| main
```

### Cherry-picking changes

While the release branch is active, some changes might be merged into the branch (for bug fixes, features deemed necessary for the release). PRs into the release branch should follow this process when possible:

- First land the change as a PR into `main`.
- Then, cherry-pick the change as a separate PR onto the release branch.
  - Do not merge changes into the prerelease branch created in Step #1. They may get merged after the release branch is created, and not make it into the release at all.
  - The release branch is never merged back into `main`, so any changes directly into the release branch will be lost on `main` (and future releases).

This process has the following benefits:

- The release branch never diverges off of `main`. In theory, it is possible to abandon the release branch at any point and create a new one off of `main` without losing work.
-  All PR reviews happen on `main`, and the cherry-pick PR simply requires a sign-off. This avoids non-trivial merge conflicts when the release branch is eventually merged back into `main`.

> ## Publishing the package

Author: Please update line 107: Don't merge release branch back into `main`. Delete it once all release steps are over.

See the [release checklist](../references/release-checklist.md) for tasks that must be completed before releasing.

## Release workflow

Both beta and stable release follow a two step workflow, aided by github actions.

> ### Step 1: Create a Pre-release branch

Reviewer: nit: can you add just below this the purpose of a prerelease branch. It would be good to let the reader know what is overall happening in this step and why

```
A prerelease branch is for x,y,z. It bumps packages, etcx. etc. and is merged back to main before creating the release branch.
```

Or alternatively above this state the steps and why we do them
```
1. Create Pre-Release Branch
  A prerelease branch is for x,y,z. It bumps packages, etcx. etc. and is merged back to main before creating the release branch.
2. Merge release branch back to main
  This is to ensure blah blah
4. Create release branch off main
  This is the branch the release will be created off... etc.
6. etc.
```

1. Create a Pull Request into the `prerelease/<release-tag>` for manually summarizing the changes collected in the changelog. *Merge this PR before going to step 2*.

For example, when creating a release off of `main` tagged `3.3.0`, the following branches and Pull Requests will be created:

```mermaid
graph LR
  main[branch: main]
  prerelease[branch: prerelease/3.3.0<br/>- bump version to 3.3.0<br/>- collect changelog]
  pr[branch:groom_changelog_3.0.0]

  main -->|Create Branch| prerelease
  prerelease -->|Create Branch| pr
  pr -.-o|Create Pull Request| prerelease
```
* Following the conclusion of this workflow you will need to kick off [the string localization workflow](https://github.com/Azure/communication-ui-library/actions/workflows/run-td-build.yml) on the `pre-release` branch that results from this.

### Step 2: Create release branch

Use the [create-release-branch](https://github.com/Azure/communication-ui-library/actions/workflows/create-release-branch.yml) github action to trigger the release branch creation workflow.

> We should manually sync the string translations to this branch 5 days before release from the pre-release branch that this originates from. So it is important to make sure the [translation workflow](https://github.com/Azure/communication-ui-library/actions/workflows/run-td-build.yml) is triggered with enough time to be completed.

Reviewer: nit: imperative tense
```suggestion
String translations should have been updated in this branch 5 days before release. If they have not, run [translation workflow](https://github.com/Azure/communication-ui-library/actions/workflows/run-td-build.yml) and restart at Step x after translations are complete (this typically takes 5 days)
```
